learning
associative learning
stimulus
cognitive learning
classical conditioning
behaviorism
neutral stimulus (NS)
unconditioned response (UR)
unconditioned stimulus (US)
conditioned response (CR)
conditioned stimulus (CS)
acquisition
higher-order conditioning
extinction
spontaneous recovery
generalization
discrimination
operant conditioning
law of effect
operant chamber
reinforcement
shaping
positive reinforcement
negative reinforcement
primary reinforcer
conditioned reinforcer
reinforcement schedule
continuous reinforcement
partial (intermittent) reinforcement
fixed-ratio schedule
variable-ratio schedule
fixed-interval schedule
variable-interval schedule
punishment
respondent behavior
operant behavior
cognitive map
latent learning
intrinsic motivation
extrinsic motivation
observational learning
modeling
mirror neurons
prosocial behavior